Make the content of generated md files to be markdown compatible (#43925)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: cli/ballerina-cli/src/main/resources/new_cmd_defaults/README.md

# Package Overview

> The `user/socialMedia` package provides a simple utility function to print "Hello, World!" to the command line. Additionally, it supports personalized greetings by accepting an optional name parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a simple utility function to print "Hello, World!" to the command line. Additionally, it supports personalized greetings by accepting an optional name parameter.
```

> ## Functionality

Reviewer: Let's remove this section and add the usage information here.

The `hello` function is the primary utility provided by this package. It accepts an optional `string` parameter and returns a greeting message as a `string`.

```ballerina
public function hello(string? name) returns string {
    if name !is () {
        return string `Hello, ${name}`;
    }
    return "Hello, World!";
}
```

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: We dont need the parameter and return information. The API doc will be generated when publishing to the Ballerina Central.
